Improving cache performance page (#16502)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cache/performance-review/cache-performance.mdx

* Not caching HTML.

  * Identify the issue: Select **Add filter** and select **Cache status equals Dynamic**.
  * Resolution: Set a Cloudflare Cache Rule to [cache dynamic content](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/cache-everything/).

:::caution

> This option caches all HTML regardless of the presence of dynamic content. If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them. To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

Reviewer: Tim or Connor to propose new wording.

Reviewer 2: @cfharwood @tkornhammar can you take a look?

Reviewer 3: it's not wrong, it's just targeting a specific website architecture pattern that won't be applicable in many cases. instead of 

> To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

I think it'd be better to say something like

> To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to the rule's matching criteria to prevent it from matching that content. Some examples include:
> - checking for presence of a cookie
> - negative matching against known dynamic content file paths
> - negative matching against dynamic content extensions (or lack of an extension)

> This option caches all HTML regardless of the presence of dynamic content. If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them. To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to check for the presence of a cookie. For more information, refer to [Bypass Cache on Cookie](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/examples/bypass-cache-on-cookie/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option caches all HTML regardless of the presence of dynamic content. If you use this approach to cache pages containing dynamic content, visitors may receive information not intended for them. To avoid caching dynamic content, you can add a condition to the rule's matching criteria to prevent it from matching that content. Some examples include:
- Checking for the presence of a cookie.
- Negative matching against known dynamic content file paths.
- Negative matching against dynamic content extensions (or lack of an extension).
```
